Add developer contribution docs page (#694)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/developing.md

  - [ ] Within if/else invoke module(s)
  - [ ] Within if/else raw profile and classification (if necessary) channels mixed
  - [ ] Version and MultiQC (if available) channels mixed
- [ ] Update `modules.conf`
  - [ ] Added `withName:` block
  - [ ] Added `ext.args = { "${meta.db_params}" }` (no other parameters should be added to this for the actual profiling modules!)
  - [ ] Added other args for non-profiling modules (outside of `meta.db_params`, e.g. saving optional files [read classifications])
  - [ ] (Profiling) Added ext.prefix conditional to account for run merging (see other tools)
  - [ ] (Standardisation) Added `ext.prefix = { "ganon_${meta.id}_combined_reports" }` for native multi-sample tables (i.e. not from taxpasta)
  - [ ] Added publish dir for the particular profiler + database, with pattern (see other tools)
- [ ] Added profiler(s) to `subworkflows/local/standardisation_profiles.nf` if necessary
  - [ ] Added relevant modules at the top using `include` statement
  - [ ] Added the tool to the read-database combining section (if necessary)
  - [ ] Invoke module(s)
  - [ ] Version and MultiQC (if available) channels mixed

> - [ ] If necessary, added any profiler-specific parameter validation checks at the top of `taxprofiler.nf`

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] If necessary, added any profiler-specific parameter validation checks within the top of `utils_nfcore_taxprofiler_pipeline/main.nf`
```

- [ ] Updated Documentation
  - [ ] `nf-core pipelines schema build` has been run and updated
    - [ ] All additional tool specific pipeline parameters have a additional help entry with the `Modifies tool parameter(s)` quote block
  - [ ] Added citation to `citations.md` (citation style: APA 7th edition)

>   - [ ] Add citation to the toolCitation/BibliographyText functions in `subworkflows/local/utils_nfcore/taxprofiler_pipeline

Author: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Add citation to the toolCitation/BibliographyText functions in `subworkflows/local/utils_nfcore_taxprofiler_pipeline/main.nf`
```
